Honey...
What if we stay home tonight?
Let's watch a movie.
7 YEARS AGO
And make popcorn.
And drink some wine.
And then...
Looks like you need a big sleeper sofa.
We already bought one.
It's big, amazing, comfortable.
For your mother when she comes visit.
Yeah. And this is a good size.
We like to snuggle up, get real close...
Camila, wake up.
-What?
-I wanna pee.
Use the toilet.
Both bathrooms are busy
with your guests. Also,
you owe me the shampoo
that German guy took.
Caco, leave me alone. Go to the kitchen.
Go straight,
there's a bathroom at the end.
Ridiculous.
Inside...
If you change your mind...
Hey, watch out!
Excuse me, please.
You can't be serious
about keeping all that crap in my room.
Cover that, please,
I don't have to look at it.
You already took the biggest room.
The neighbors will see you.
You have strangers sleep in our bed.
"Our" bed?
Meanwhile, I have to sleep
on the sleeper sofa. My sciatica hurts.
Caco, we agreed I'd stay in the suite.
Also, it's none of your concern
who sleeps in my bed.
I'm trying to save the apartment.
Put your underwear on, please.
Not really, since you didn't ask for
the building manager's authorization.
Do you know what happens if they find out?
We get another fine.
Okay, so why don't you sell
your imported car?
Everybody knows that
when a car leaves a dealership,
it starts losing value. I'll lose money.
We have to cut expenses and make money.
I'd rather chase my compensation,
sending e-mails, making phone calls.
It's leaking.
Is it okay if I bring
someone to sleep here?
It's none of my business.
Really?
Really.
Okay.
I'm trying to say I never forgot you.
I missed you all these years.
And now that I divorced Caco,
I'm thinking of you even more.
Please give me another chance.
Yeah, right.
Now that you're alone, you miss me.
Yeah.
You shouldn't have gotten married.
Now, let me hear you say it.
Okay, you were right. I shouldn't have.
Yeah, I shouldn't.
I always knew Caco didn't like me.
For sure, he didn't.
I'd never encourage you to cheat on him.
No?
Only if you asked me.
Oh, honey...
I missed you so.
Dude,
please save me from this house.
I can't stand it.
-What's that smell?
-Man, you'll wake Belinha up.
Not the game controller.
I can't stay here anymore.
Give it to me.
Good. Give it to me. You can hand it over.
No!
Can I count on you?
I'll see you tomorrow,
if I'm able to walk.
Wanna join Guilherme tomorrow?
I tried. Okay, bye.
That was funny.
-Cami.
-Hey, Ana.
-How are you?
-I didn't see you.
No problem.
Good morning to all the residents
of Ocean Waves.
I wanted to talk to you about Thursday.
Yeah. I was about to call you.
We have to go to Happy Hour
at Palm Springs Mall. Sorry.
I'm hosting some friends from LA
and I need to cancel, too.
I heard your LA friends
aren't paying you enough.
You can charge more.
This condo is a resort.
Do you think so?
Got you! Are you renting a room?
You know that's forbidden at Ocean Waves.
Sorry, Ana, but as soon
as my foreign friends leave,
I'll find some time for us.
Our card game
on Thursday will be a go. Bye.
Marcinho?
Hello, Bugs Bunny.
Your mom kicked you out?
No, not at all.
By the way, my most sincere condolences
for your separation.
Nobody died.
Are you sleeping over?
Yes, and not just tonight. I'm here
to help Caco during this tough time.
Okay, and you will sleep on my couch?
Yes, all the way. You don't have
to sleep with Caco because of me.
This will be very comfortable.
Where is Caco?
He's exercising.
But don't bother him.
He's exercising to get through it.
It's the best thing right now.
Caco!
Why is Marcinho staying here
to help you out?
Why is Marcinho here with two suitcases?
-My guest...
-Your guest, really?
How much does he pay?
It's not about the money.
Tell that to our bills.
It's no big deal. He'll only stay
a few days, a week, a month.
-And he's loaded on top of that.
-His mom is.
It doesn't make sense for him to stay
for free when there are people paying.
What a bummer.
How cute. How old are you?
-I'm studying harmonica now.
-Studying?
Caco. Caco.
Let's figure this out.
Caco!
Guys, what's going on?
Is that really necessary?
Are we adults or not?
That attracts negativity to the house.
Come on.
That's why I'm here.
Don't you have a blanket?
Caco. Caco!
What? Are you gonna kill me?
A divorce wasn't enough?
-Can't you hear the noise?
-What noise?
Your friend is snoring like a helicopter.
I can't sleep like this.
It doesn't bother me.
-How so?
-I'm used to it.
We slept together for seven years.
That's a lie.
Turn the lights off.
You'll like this one. She lives close by.
Maybe you can see her today.
Man, that's not for me.
I just separated.
Come on, Caco, for God's sake.
All the more reason to go on a date.
Cry me a river.
For God's sake.
Carlos Augusto and Marcio,
please, could you find a place
for your stuff? I need to work here later.
Good morning to you, too.
Did you wake up feeling well?
No, Caco, I couldn't sleep
because someone snored.
I didn't hear anything.
You can meet this girl today.
But her name is Ludo.
It's like a guy's name.
You're doing that to piss me off.
Let's see.
Like her profile and check it out.
Good.
-Perfect place.
-Is it a good spot?
-Let's take a pic, Marcinho.
-From this angle?
Get this angle to show I'm from Barra.
Let me just take this off.
Let's take a very good pic.
Great. Yes, show you're worth it.
Puff up your chest. Posture!
-You're a new man.
-A macho man.
-I'll open my legs a little.
-Good.
One vertical shot.
Too stiff. Let's get moving.
Let's take a walk, relax…
I'll pass by and you take the pics.
-Very natural.
-Excellent.
Now, smile like a womanizer. Now, walk.
I like the leap. That's cool.
Walk, take a leap again...
-Nice.
-Natural.
I'm walking...
-I leapt.
-Let's do something.
Butterfly caught by surprise.
It was flying, then...
Just out of the cocoon.
You know? You just got out of your cocoon.
-Like...
-Out of the cocoon.
-Cocoon, arms, freedom.
-Yeah, you're flying.
Arms, fly, do that...
Yeah, wave your arms, worship
this flying energy, this metamorphosis...
Yeah. Great. Very good.
Now you are an evolved man.
Let's try something more spiritual.
-More Zen.
-Like yoga.
Yoga, that's it.
Get the car to show I'm spiritual,
but I have money.
Good.
Put your hands there.
-Should I look up at the sky?
-Nice one.
Great. Now take your shirt off.
Take it off.
Hey, Coach,
losing weight is too hard.
You gotta eat more protein.
-Okay.
-Thank you, bye.
Hello, Camila!
Just so you know,
my offer is still available.
But, you know,
if you keep violating the condo rules,
renting rooms and getting more fines,
we'll have to make a new deal.
Good morning from Ocean Waves.
But don't worry, Camila.
I won't tell the Residents' Association.
A friend never snitches.
Don't worry,
I'm very good at keeping secrets.
Thank you, Guilherme, but you don't
have to. I don't have any secrets.
-See you later.
-See you.
Let me know if you change your mind.
Sorry, Camila.
We're really sorry.
But traffic was really bad.
No problem, your timing is perfect.
Excuse me.
-Make yourselves at home.
-Wow, your apartment is beautiful.
Thank you. Indeed.
It's my private paradise.
Thanks to My New Fabulous.
Carol gave me some products. I loved it.
I really need something
to boost my self-esteem.
Yeah, that's important.
Let me tell you
My New Fabulous is not just a brand.
It's a lifestyle.
Good afternoon.
-Good afternoon.
So, as I was saying...
-If someone asked me...
-Sorry for interrupting.
No problem.
-It's fine.
As I was saying...
If someone asked me
for a definition for My New Fabulous,
I'll definitely say female empowerment.
Sorry to interrupt again.
Camila, I'll be in my room.
If you need me,
just shout.
If you wanna give them my number,
-please feel free.
-Sure.
-We'll get it.
-Thanks.
-Be my guest.
-Thank you.
You can't choose your family.
Hi, Paty.
Hi, Caco.
-It's been a while.
-Yeah.
Come on in.
Hello, Paty. It's been a while.
Last time I saw you, you were a brunette.
Remember?
I do remember.
How could I forget that time
when the cops got your car
and I had to walk?
You still resent it.
So, where's Camila?
In her room.
Come on.
You're still in your pajamas?
Go get dressed,
Mateo is bringing a hottie.
Lower your voice.
Are you single or not?
Yes, I am, but they don't need to know
about my life.
I don't know.
This won't go well.
Yeah, it won't.
Paty,
I'm not feeling so excited.
Just the thought of wearing heels
gives my feet blisters.
Stop being lazy.
-Why?
-Go get dressed.
I think it's early to go on a date.
Caco had a bad week.
He'll suffer.
It's very inconsiderate.
Wake up.
-What?
-He's doing really well on the apps.
Wanna see?
Surprised?
I'm appalled.
Look at the six-pack he doesn't have.
-He photoshopped it.
-Let me see.
Wow.
It's nice.
Have fun playing video games.
Oh, man, Camila is going for it tonight.
She really is.
You're going to lose.
Goal!
Pay attention, man.
Sorry, did I wake you up?
No, I was asleep.
Good night.
So...
Was it good?
Yes, it was great.
Good night.
Did you make it home safely?
You reminded me
of why I stopped going out.
Come on, don't exaggerate.
Tell me something, then.
Is all that harassment normal
or the lawyers are on strike?
I said we should've gone for the VIP pass.
Patricia,
leave me alone.
I need to recover from trauma.
Good night.
Caco.
Caco!
Come on, Camila.
You keep finding excuses
-to come see me.
-Cut it out.
What is it now?
I just caught Marcinho jerking off
in the living room.
-On the couch?
-Yeah!
Oh, man.
Caco, you win.
I'll stop renting the room
in three months,
but get him out of here, I beg you.
Sorry, Camila,
I won't kick my best friend out.
Now, let me sleep.
Or do you want me to go to your room
and put you to bed?
Ridiculous.
Caco.
Marcinho.
Yuk, Marcinho!
Wait, what's happening? Camila!
Man, did Camila sell the couch?
Access denied.
Things are getting really bad.
Shit, I didn't pay the electricity bill.
Shit!
I'll find a way into this sauna.